{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 03010101010201010101}Monotype Corsiva;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fscript\fcharset238\fprq2 Monotype Corsiva CE;}
{\f398\fscript\fcharset204\fprq2 Monotype Corsiva Cyr;}{\f400\fscript\fcharset161\fprq2 Monotype Corsiva Greek;}{\f401\fscript\fcharset162\fprq2 Monotype Corsiva Tur;}{\f404\fscript\fcharset186\fprq2 Monotype Corsiva Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid14569882}{\*\generator Micr
osoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author Craig Lotter}{\operator Craig Lotter}{\creatim\yr2004\mo5\dy27\hr13\min14}{\revtim\yr2004\mo5\dy27\hr13\min15}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords291}{\nofchars1664}{\*\company Commerce I.T. }{\nofcharsws1952}
{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot14569882 \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\f36\fs28\insrsid14569882 Wallpaper List Creator 2.0}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882 
\par 
\par Wallpaper List Creator is a simple wallpaper list generator, used in conjunction with Wallpaper Changer by Frank Pleitz. It can include JPG, BMP}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882 , GIF}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882  and }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882 PNG}{
\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882  files in the generated list. It can search the selected source directory recursively or shallowly. }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882 Its}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882  output is a simple, sorted ASCII text file.
\par 
\par }{\f36\fs28\insrsid14569882 To Use}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882 
\par 
\par Step 01:
\par 
\par Select the image file types you want to include in the wallpaper list generation process. This can be done by selected (or deselecting) the image type checkboxes found to the right-hand side o
f the screen. By default, all of the image types are already selected.
\par 
\par Step 02:
\par 
\par Decide if you want to perform a recursive search or not. A recursive search means that all subfolders contained within your selected root folder will be included in the wallpaper list generation process. This option can be set by checking or un}{
\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882 -}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882 checking the checkbox found to the bottom right-hand corner }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882 of the}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882  screen. By default, the recursive search option is selected. 
\par 
\par Step 03:
\par 
\par Click on the Generate button. A dialog box wi
ll open asking you to select a folder. This is the root folder from which the wallpaper list will be compiled. After you have selected a folder, a secondary dialog will appear asking you to choose a location in which to save the generated wallpaper list. 
After you have done this, the process of generating the wallpaper list is started. After a few moments you will receive a popup message announcing that the process has been successfully completed.
\par 
\par }{\f36\fs28\insrsid14569882 Note}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14569882 
\par 
\par Once you have generated a wallpaper list you will se
e that the Refresh List button becomes enabled. By clicking this button the generate process is launched using the last root path that you selected. This is useful if perhaps you had excluded a specific file type from the list you had just generated. The 
refresh option allows you to make changes to the configuration settings such as image type without having to reselect the root path.
\par }}